That's right, Mr. Miyamoto
Zhao Ruolan just lifted 600 kilograms for ten years
Won Takahashi
Olympic Games since Chen Li
Nobody can lift 600 kilos.
Even a man's foot is up to 500 kilograms
Even a genius like Takahashi
Last time, it was also at the advantage of one kilogram.
501Kg won this championship
How could a woman like him lift it?
Liu Pai Senior
I don't even have to check it for you to determine
You eat.
inclusion
Are you frank?
Mr. Miyamoto, if you don't believe me
You can ask the president of the Olympic Committee
I don't need my post-game physical examination results.
There is a problem with 600kg of wine
Give you one last chance
Do you admit to violating the rules?
I don't admit that Mr. Miyamoto requires evidence
You can't open your mouth and say someone is guilty
I'm a performer here.
How dare you explode the super soft product?
What the hell is Armed Curry?
I'm announcing it right now
The Olympic organizing committee parried you
Block your way
I will never be able to participate in the Olympic Games again